 It will probably come when your mind is worth government. Correct? Can governments stay away from politics? Absolutely not. Why? Because if politics ensures harmony and development, what is the job of the government? To ensure harmony and development harmony when I say understood it means peace. Restoring, order, maintaining law and order and peace in the society and obviously progress from the society. Correct? That is why politics and government are linked together. It will tell this much. Political, politics, government. All right. Let us take a tapas tap further forward. What do you mean by government? It is an integral part of the human group. Correct? That is human beings coming together and deciding upon a system by which government can be formed. A system which can be any system but they are deciding okay this is the system we will follow and they will make a government. Contribute to societal organization and functioning. Correct? Society gets organized here. So even when you look at our country you have a central government. You have state government. Your local government through punch riots and municipalities. Right? It affects people's lives. No doubt about it. That is government when they decided okay those who are earning up to 12 lakhs as income. You don't have to pay the tax we were like. Oh God. Correct? It affects our lives. But at the same time if petrol prices and diesel prices go us about 100. We are not at all. We don't find it happy at all. We don't find it. Oh this is such a wonderful news. No, we actually feel sad. What if caramel popcorns becomes expensive inside of the theatre? We become even more sad. Not everybody likes the salt and cheese caramel. I mean popcorns. Correct? That is a point here. That is government basically decides on the taxes. Government basically decides on what type of policies they need to focus on. So that is the reason why it will affect our lives. And finally when you talk about government, how does government influence society? They influence society through policies, regulations, decisions. Regulations basically means like laws, the tools and the tools. How much tax you have to pay? How much money you need to pay? What does it pay? You need to pay your GST on time. All these things. Policy is my involvement. Especially let us say you want to target the poor section of the society. People who don't have access to food, you have national food security mission. People who are struggling to access health care services or that you have a Ayushman Bharat. Or people who don't even have a bank account, we have Prime Minister Chandan Yodhshana. So like the different policies are there. Then obvious state-of-the-lifetime decisions, demonetization, up your and beyond executive decisions. It was not discussed with anybody, neither with your position. The government didn't even discuss it, even within their own party.