 Or when we talk about Article 370, it was a decision and executive decision. Alright, so please understand one thing. When you say executive decision, executive, executive, you will keep hearing this word. That means, government when you say they do what they are and executing body. Means, to get things done. That is what it is when you say executive. So tomorrow when I say you are all going to be part of the executive. What does that mean? You are all going to be part of the government. Correct, you become an IAS officer, you become an IPS officer, you become an IRS officer. You are all part of what? The government. And that is why within executive, there are poor definitions again. One is political executive. The other is permanent executive. Political executive simply means they are temporary. Consisting of your MLA's and MP's, why are they temporary? Because there is no guarantee that they will be in the next election. Correct, there is no guarantee. Anything can happen in an election, especially in Indian election, highly unprotected. The next is what? Perm and Executive. Perm and Executive, who are these officers? All of you. All of you who will clear the government exam and get into the service. Maybe as IAS officer, IPS officer, central government, groupay officer, or maybe even a state government, groupay officer, groupay officer, group C, whatever. All these are part of permanent executive, why permanent executive? Because until an un-SU2 commit a humal and blunder. Nobody can remove you from the job. It is more or less permanent until the day you retire. Correct. Hope you got the meaning here. Moving on. Political theories. So let us try to understand this flow chart now. Political theories, why studying it is important. Study of political theories helps in developing for understanding. Foundational ideas of government, society and individual lives. Correct. You get a clear idea about how an individual is functioning. How? Society is functioning. How government is functioning. Like I told you earlier, in USA you only have two parties there. One is with public and you have public and party, other is a democratic party. Whereas in India if you start counting, there will be no end to it. What about India? So understanding political theory helps you understand the foundational values of individuals, society, government. Then political theory explores enduring values and guiding policies. What do you mean by enduring values? Endure. Endure means your ability to withstand whatever negativity comes into your life. Your ability to withstand it, that is endurance. Enduring values when you say it simply means these values are timeless. Because there are certain values what we also have in our society. Maybe right from the very time period onwards some values are the which needs to be protected. Like for example tolerance. So tolerance is something or tolerance to other cultures is something which is an intrinsic part of the Indian society. Over in the world you will find a society like Indian society. Isn't it not true? This is one country where you will find all the types of religions go existing. Yes, definitely there are issues we are not at all rolling it out. Because within family the same family you have issues means imagine a country filled with so much diversity. You are not to have issues but more.